# 2020-01-20 libp2p Sync Call

[Issue for this call](https://github.com/libp2p/team-mgmt/issues/16)

**Moderator**: @jacobheun

**Notetaker**: @jacobheun

**Recording**: https://youtu.be/ooGXXCqgf8Y

**Attendees**:
  - @mgoelzer
  - @yusefnapora
  - @aarshkshah1992
  - @vyzo
  - @raulk
  - @yiannisbot

## Agenda

- Weekly updates 
- @yiannisbot: discv5 <-> libp2p: plans, targets and intentions
- Labels setup.


## Weekly updates

- @jacobheun
  - Done:
    - Refactor examples and docs
      - Fixed issues with libp2p-webrtc-star not working properly [js-libp2p-webrtc-star/pull/193](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webrtc-star/pull/193)
        - Just need to sort out some flaky test issues
      - Revamped the js-libp2p browser example [js-libp2p#508](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/pull/508)
        - Just need to do some final cleanup and get dependencies merged
  - Next:
    - Finish the browser example
    - Cleanup the js-libp2p Getting Started Guide
    - Fix an issue with libp2p pubsub interop
    - Hopefully release the refactor
  

- @yusefnapora:
  - Done:
    - more progress on [Peer Records PR](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-core/pull/73)
  - Next:
    - update peerstore and go-libp2p PRs to track changes in -core PR
    - Finish [testground plan for secure channels](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/pull/335)
    - Add Noise as experimental option to go-ipfs


- @aarshkshah1992
  - Done:
    - Onboarding tasks
    - Script to transfer issues from libp2p sub-repos to the go-libp2p repo for better PM 
  - Next:
      - Start working on the libp2p instrumentation tool


- @raulk:
  - Done:
    - Set up labels declaratively. PoC: https://github.com/raulk/labels/labels.
    - Testground planning.
    - Performance reviews.
    - Signed peer records PR review.
    - Noise spec refinements.
  - Next:
    - DHT Content Routing planning.
    - Prototype testground ensembles.
    

- @vyzo
  - Peer Score Function design


- @yiannisbot
  - Done:
    - Started playing with and splitting/grouping different proposals in a more coherent plan.
    - Spent some time to look in detail into the Ethereum discv5 protocol, thought of potential optimisations and talked with Felix (Ethereum) to see what are their needs.
  - Next:
    - come up with a structured plan from the outcome of the ResNetLab workshop

## Notes
