## 2018-10-22 libp2p Sync Call

Moderator: @raulk

Notetaker: @jacobheun

### Attendees

-   @vasco-santos
-   @bigs
-   @vyzo
-   @steverichmond
-   @diasdavid
-   @alanshaw
-   @aschmahmann
-   @stebalien
-   @diasdavid

Recording: https://protocol.zoom.us/recording/share/t-xrEINJWESO6dJW270EewjUj4FM4AlQ1hTlA-Zgw_o

### Agenda

-   Everyone summarize current work

    -   @jacobheun

        -   Js-libp2p 0.24 release candidate is on npm

            -   Includes delegate routing, relay by default and state machine updates

        -   Will be working on testbed proposal, will reach out to Cole later this week

    -   @vasco-santos

        -   Updates to the IPNS Spec, just waiting on some feedback for that
        -   Fixed several issues with PRs for IPNS over pubsub
        -   Worked on some updates for dht interop
        -   Next up, DHT and IPNS over pubsub

    -   @vyzo

        -   Autorelay PR is ready for review, need some more review from core team members. Steven will be the last one to review.

    -   @bigs

        -   Picked up work on the daemon to get the go spec up to speed on the new dht work, hoping to get that merged today.
        -   Aiming to finish tests on the client as well

    -   @stebalien

        -   Go hack week all week
        -   Try to work more on the multistream-negotiation spec
        -   Reviews

    -   @raulk

        -   Been working on dialer v2 -- WIP PR will follow up soon. Need everybody’s feedback as this is a core building block of the system.

    -   @diasdavid

        -   IPFS is working on a lot of roadmap items, many of which will have pieces that will fall onto libp2p’s plate
        -   It would be great to make libp2p more configurable so that we could enable researchers to easily change things like the DHT or Pubsub implementation to find the best models.
        -   <http://web.mit.edu/remy/> 

-   (Maybe) Libp2p daemon demo! (@vyzo) -- really too tired to demo :)

    -   WIll have pubsub in two weeks, tabling this till then

-   Mplex spec updates?

    -   What are some things we could do to make mplex better? @bigs to get an issue going for this discussion.
    -   @diasdavid history on mplex:

        -   Mplex was an ad hoc solution as it was easier at the time to implement a muxer from scratch than it was to fix spdy.

    -   Potential paths for muxers

        -   Leverage the work already done on spdy and implement the missing pieces we need in js and go
        -   Pull the QUIC muxer logic out and use that as the muxer, including creating a spec from that

-   Autorelay status update (@vyzo)

    -   PR is at<https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/pull/454>, please take a look.
    -   If you want to learn more about the effort you can watch the published video from this meeting, it’s a lot of good info.

-   Some demos relevant for libp2p from Go Core Hack Week

    -   Scalable PubSub<https://drive.google.com/file/d/15NWMkeOEukS1ZQ1EvEYyZ9WAAnrN73K0/view>
    -   Provider https://drive.google.com/file/d/11PYMhkBBaYxqBuVfjkyPXXJjDdK8li9F/view
