## 2018-08-13 libp2p Sync Call (<https://protocol.zoom.us/j/508697396>)

 

Moderator: @mgoelzer

Notetaker: @jacobheun

### Attendees

-   @mgoelzer
-   @jacobheun
-   @gpestana
-   @raulk
-   @stebalien
-   @bigs
-   (add yourself…)

### Agenda

-   OKRs mid quarter scoring check in:<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HTXfgR5FyPTFhsTkFPRThkeMvHvCgJOaAs7BSl_vQ_0/edit#gid=2137336172> 

### Discussion Notes

-   ## Libp2p as a first class project, haven’t made a lot of progress on these. Hiring is taking priority. Confident they can be done by end of quarter.
-   JS peer and content routing are a little behind due to all the events this quarter but they are tracking to be done by end of quarter
-   Hiring push to help with overall goal of improving our contribution capacity for libp2p, including external collaborators
-   Have fun! Mike needs to put together a survey to send out to help facilitate this
-   Mike working on improving his presentation ability and resources


**Rust**

-   Current team will continue as maintainers for now, but we are working on getting additional support to help continue to push rust libp2p forward

  
**JS**

-   We should be able to hit most of our OKRs but some require more collaboration with the go team, such as the libp2p daemon api, so those ones may push to next quarter.


**Go**

-   Absolute critical features and fixes
    -   Getting dht work going, not sure how to address focus shifting
        -   The issues with dht and interop feel like the higher priorities
    -   Peer store in memory is probably done
    -   “Merge the dht pipeline” is basically done
    -   Replace multistream select is getting closer to a spec
    -   Not sure on the state of getting QUIC merged into go-ipfs with an experimental flag
-   Fix the DHT
    -   Sort of blocked by discussion on peer store
    -   Conflicting messages about whether the dht is putting successfully

**General Thoughts**

Are the goals too hard, too easy?

Cole: Feel good to me. Confused I can’t seem to find some of the stuff that I thought was there.

Steven: Feel the meeting is useful to understand what’s going on. Go sprints should hopefully help keep track of things that are going on there.

Cole: OKR conversation was really useful. Maybe we do less of the OKR planning in a vaccum next time. Feel focused and have good goals.



Mike: If anyone wants to discuss the OKR process further reach out via IRC or an email thread.

  
