# 2018-07-16 libp2p Sync Call

- Lead: @lgierth
- Notetaker: @lgierth
- Attendees
  - @stebalien
  - @jacobheun
  - @vasco-santos
  - @lgierth
  - @tomaka

## Agenda

- Everyone:  What everyone is working on?

## Notes

- What's everyone up to?
  - @stebalien
    - Write multistream-select 2 spec
    - Review bunch of things
    - Debug clusterâ€™s connection problems
  - @jacobheun
    - Working with mozilla people on browser mdns api (libdweb)
    - Look into state of libp2p daemon plans
    - Js-libp2p peer routing and content routing
  - @vasco-santos
    - Working on ipns interop
    - Some problems with fs-repo
    - Looking into fs-repo migration tool for js-ipfs
  - @lgierth
    - Going to look into IPNS problems
    - Couldnt get it to work performant enough
    - Maybe look into libp2p doc sites at the end of the week, time permitting
  - @tomaka
    - Merged libp2p PR in polkadot
    - Looking into remaining rust-libp2p api issues
- That's all for today
