# 2018-07-30 libp2p Sync Call

- Zoom: https://protocol.zoom.us/j/508697396
- Moderator:  @mgoelzer
- Notetaker:  @lgierth
- Attendees
  - @mgoelzer
  - @jacobheun
  - @mkg20001
  - @lgierth
  - @carospiegly
  - @gpestana
  - @bigs
  - @tomaka
  - @stebalien
  - @whyrusleeping

## Agenda

- Cole:  Diagnosing DHT performance issues
- Mike:  IPNS as a metric for determine when DHT is “fixed”?
- Mike:  Want to keep work grounded in OKRs; check in with them weekly
- Mike:  Waffle
  - Likely have to do extra work in the beginning to devise categorization system, organize uncategorized issues, etc.
  - Aim to start around mid-August
  - Q:  go/js/rust - combined or separate?  Does it overlap with js-ipfs meeting?
  - Q:  use this call or separate?
- Add your own!


## What’s everybody been up to?

- @carospiegly hi, i’m new, working on coral with help from @bigs
  - Currently using kademlia-style dht in libp2p (go-libp2p-kad-dht, js-libp2p-kad-dht)
  - Coral-style dht will be sloppy, storing results on nodes along the path to avoid hotspots
  - Right now figuring out cluster structure and locality
  - Next: figuring out protobufs message structure
- @mgoelzer:
  - In SF for DWeb Summit, currently rehearsing my talk at two meetups
- @bigs
  - Refactor of /onion transport, allow chat example to get merged
  - Helping @carospiegly with Coral things
  - Wanna start focusing on DHT performance diagnosis, everybody welcome to join
  - Want to avoid making mal-informed changes
  - Also: want to implement Kademlia/S
  - @gpestana what’s concrete goals of DHT performance work?
    - IPNS is a real world use, and broad indicator
    - We generally have no metrics re: DHT right now
- @jacobheun
  - Working on delegated peer-routing and content-routing in js-libp2p
  - Needs work on go-ipfs side (@lgierth)
  - Will be out later this week
- @stebalien
  - Review PRs
  - Try and fix unsafety issues in mDNS
  - DWeb Summit
- @lgierth
  - Have been pushing back hard on the notion that “IPNS is broken” in the past, but yeah it’s really really bad, so: DHT performance analysis
  - Non-libp2p work for DWeb Summit
- @gpestana
  - Looking around go-libp2p for areas where I can help
  - PR mDNS in go-libp2p (https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-examples/pull/2)  example
  - Looking into a go-libp2p issue (https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/issues/83)
- @tomaka
  - Fixing rust-libp2p issues in Polkadot
- @whyrusleeping
  - Not touching libp2p much this week
  - Extracting packages from go-ipfs
  - DWeb Summit
- @mkg20001
  - Built little service that generates PeerIDs for testing, demo’d in IPFS all hands https://test-peer-ids.tk/


## DHT performance analysis

- Idea: take snapshot of current network (dialibility, kind of connections, topology, versions, etc.)
- Use that as a base for offline analysis and testing
- First thing: go through all existing issues / documents regarding DHT performance
- Video call right after this one


## OKRs

- Thinking of ways how to bring each of these biweekly meeting back to the OKRs
- (doesn’t apply to @carospiegly and @tomaka/rust-libp2p because separate planning)
- @lgierth yeah agreed, seeing an old pattern reemerge where events pop up with lots of work that wasn't planned for, and we essentially fall into firefighting mode
- @mikegoelzer OKRs can also be way to constructively say No


## Waffle

- At some point this quarter I wanna get Waffle more organized, issues labeled, triaged, etc.
  - Will require help from some people with more context
- Weekly meeting to groom the board?
- Should Go/JS/Rust all be mixed in the same board or separate?
- @bigs our usage of Waffle should reflect our async working modes
  - I.e., doesn’t think we should do weekly issue meetings but rather use the waffle async
- @tomaka not really making use of Waffle in rust-libp2p/Parity
- @mikegoelzer it could help for surfacing tasks to other people though
- @jacobheun in JS land, the Waffle board has been really helpful for surfacing work esp onboarding new people
- @mikegoelzer rust-libp2p is a monoropo right? @tomaka yes it’s easier that way in rust (multiple crates in one repo), rust is less opinionated re: packaging
- @mikegoelzer sorry I was (half-)trolling
- @lgierth agreed about surfacing stuff, not just for others, but especially for ourselves. Often have trouble finding specific issues
- @stebalien could close issue trackers on a lot of repos, and have issues in one libp2p or multiformats place, then label stuff and link there from the repos
- @bigs i’m a fan
- When asked, no one from go or rust was opposed.
- @jacobheun yeah that might help. Could be focused around “core components” in each project to make those components easier to find (such as dht modules).  Seemed to think js-libp2p team might be supportive of this.


*Mike forgot to record again.  Need to do better because people do really watch the videos. We should set up Youtube live streaming like for the IPFS all hands*
