# 2019-06-17 libp2p Sync Call (5:30PM UTC)

[Issue for this call](https://github.com/libp2p/team-mgmt/issues/16)

**Moderator**: @bigs

**Notetaker**: @bigs

**Recording**: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmS2ahZyFfztcUm8SE5Kf4D1qppf7rdpJgzBCAHR1LqyjC

**Attendees**:
  - @mgoelzer
  - @jhiesey
  - @bigs
  - @mvid
  - @raulk
  - @vyzo
  - @vasco-santos
  - @yusefnapora

## Agenda

- Biweekly update

## Biweekly updates

- @me:
  - Done:
  - Blocked:
  - Next:
  
- @marten-seemann:
  - Done:
    - implemented key updates in quic-go
    - discovered a design flaw in the way key updates are currently specified, and raised it with the QUIC working group
    - worked on the ns-3 based network simulator for testing QUIC implementations
  - Blocked:
    - waiting for Stebalien's review of the multistream 2.0 document
  - Next:
    - continue working on ns-3


- @yusefnapora:
  - Done:
    - Moved to North Carolina :)
    - Merged [spec header spec](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/pull/171)
    - Merged [SECIO spec](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/pull/106)
    - [Replaced old "main spec" with index doc](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/pull/175)
  - Next:
    - Merge [peer id spec](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/pull/100)
      - Will merge by EOD today (~23:00 UTC) if no objections are raised
    - Review existing specs and make PRs to fit to lifecyle framework & add spec headers.
      - I'll likely ping most of you to add you to various interest groups. The
        time investment should be quite small for most existing specs.
    - Start on user-facing concept doc about transport security.
    
- @vasco-santos
  - Done:
    - libp2p and IPFS presentations in Aveiro University
    - Prepared libp2p (focused on JS) presentation for OPO.js
    - Reprovider work for DHT
      - [ipfs/js-ipfs-bitswap#199](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-bitswap/pull/199)
      - [ipfs/js-ipfs#2184](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/2184)
  - Next:
    - OPO.js final preparation and presentation
    - Get DHT reprovider PRs ready for review
    - Add interop tests for hyprid pubsub network
      - [libp2p/interop#17](https://github.com/libp2p/interop/pull/17)

- @bigs
  - Done:
    - [Self dialing](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/pull/638)
    - [DHT Advertise bug](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/pull/657)
    - Broke ground on testlab + ipfs cluster
  - Blocked:
    - Could use final review for above issues
  - Next:
    - Issues from https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-kad-dht/issues/345
    - Finish IPFS Camp Course B (golang)
    
- @mgoelzer
  - Heads up:  some changes coming in project management (backlog, tooling, etc).  
    - Goals:  increase transparency to stakeholdersm, be better organized interenally
  - OKRs:  @mgoelzer will work on this as a set of "business-level" objectives, but trying to move away from using OKRs as the primary work planning tool
  
- @vyzo
  - Done: mostly review and thinking

- @raulk:
  - Done:
    - Gateway debugging -- found a bunch of issues in bitswap and things are much better now.
    - jvm-libp2p design spike -- lots of conversations and syncs.
    - jvm-libp2p community formation.
    - dealing with gossipsub performance benchmarks.
    - Presentation @ University of Aveiro.
    - Hiring interviews.
  - Blocked: n/a
  - Next:
    - "Fixing the DHT" spike.
    - jvm-libp2p design spike.
    - project management stuff w/ Mike.
    - review WIP local event bus: https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/issues/653
  
- @jhiesey:
  - Done:
    - WebRTC use cases for working group: https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webrtc-star/issues/177#issuecomment-500303109
  - Blocked:
    - Still waiting for additional feedback on resource management proposal: https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/issues/635
  - Next:
    - Message orientation proposal; unifies streams and messages
    
- @mvid:
  - Done:
    - OpenCensus Metrics functionality in core
    - Deprecating/cleaning peerstore/queue, moved to kad-dht
  - Blocked:
    - Final reviews on the PRs for ^
  - Next
    - DHT + testlab

## Notes













