# 2019-04-01 libp2p Sync Call

[Issue for this call](https://github.com/libp2p/team-mgmt/issues/16)

**Moderator**: @mgoelzer

**Notetaker**:  @jhiesey

**Recording**:  https://youtu.be/SdUN6N0Dc8o

**Attendees**:
  - @jhiesey
  - @mgoelzer
  - @anacrolix

## Agenda

- Weekly updates 

## Weekly updates

- @marten-seemann:
  - Done:
    * attented the IETF meeting in Prague
    * quic-go has interop with most other QUIC implementations
  - Blocked:
    * I will merge https://github.com/libp2p/specs/pull/151 very soon, if there aren't any futher objections
  - Next:
    * use quic-trace to improve quic-go performance

- @yusefnapora:
  - Done:
    - merged in a couple concept docs
      - addressing: https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/addressing/
      - peer id: https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/peer-id/
  - Next:
    - finish stream muxing concept doc PR: https://github.com/libp2p/docs/pull/40#event-2244416671
    - start on protocol negotiation & encryption concept docs

- @anacrolix:
  - Done:
    - Misc bug fixes
    - Exploring metrics in Prometheus and OC
  - Blocked:
    - Meaningful results from changes to streams
  - Next:
    - Merge in metrics to DHT
    - Explore tracing?
    - Expose metrics in related repos to DHT
    - https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-kad-dht/issues/295
    - https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-kad-dht/issues/283

- @jhiesey:
  - Done:
    - Met with @jbenet about DHT design
      - He liked my proposal (https://gist.github.com/jhiesey/f9a3d9961ccdfca940e54ec279b47cf9) generally
      - Agreed that we need to modularize things
      - Some parts of current DHT belong in other parts of libp2p
      - Got some new papers to read
  - Blocked:
    - none
  - Next:
    - Read @jbenet's suggested papers:
      - Vuvuzela
      - VHash
    - Talk to Lars about multigram design
    - Continue design of query and advertisement protocols
    - Continue brainstorming of resource management interfaces
    - Come up with new OKRs for Q2


- @mgoelzer:
  - Done:
    - Visualizer design sprint and feedback cycle
    - Security audit phase 1 (of 2) signed and ready for April 15 start
  - Blocked:
    - (none)
  - Next:
    - Finalize OKRs
    - Perf reviews
    - Note:  in Korea this week with Parity folk

@raulk:
  - Done:
    - first iteration of libp2p introspection protocol: https://github.com/libp2p/notes/pull/9
    - initial stab at discuss.libp2p.io.
    - connmgr: added Protect()/Unprotect() API.
    - team contacts to craft Q2 OKRs.
    - ethereum bi-weekly eth2.0 implementers call.
    - opencensus vs. prometheus.
    - lots of visualiser discussions
  - Blocked:
    - none
  - Next:
    - connmgr v2 spec.
    - continue helping team craft their Q2 OKRs.
    - visualiser: last week of design sprint.
    - finish setting up discuss.libp2p.io.
    - organise libp2p next gen initiative with @jhiesey.
    
@bigs:
  - Done:
    - opencensus vs prometheus
    - merged prometheus integration into testlab
  - Blocked: none
  - Next:
    - finish example test scenario
    - work with adin on his first test scenario!
    
## Notes

@anacrolix message discoveries:
- Delays in messages
- Strange behaviors where messages with replies are faster

@jhiesey 
- Tricky part of multigram: losing messages on reboot problem, dht problems summarized

@mgoelzer
- Visualizer is like a debugger; has modules for each subsystem (e.g. dht, relay)
- Audit phase 1: find as many security bugs as possible (in a private repo)
- Audit phase 2: review previous bugs, investigate TLS1.3, write report

OpenCensus vs Prometheus:
- Go with OpenCensus for now; maybe revisit later
