# 2019-07-01 libp2p Sync Call

[Issue for this call](https://github.com/libp2p/team-mgmt/issues/16)

**Moderator**: @mgoelzer

**Notetaker**: @mgoelzer

**Recording**: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmfEFRvaLgi8ut76y4M1G97vAXXiJJTFbFZuAhGpyBEVzq

**Attendees**:
  - @jhiesey
  - @mgoelzer

## Agenda

- Biweekly updates 

## Biweekly updates
   
- @jhiesey:
  - Done:
    - Brief list of goals and ideas for messages sent to @bigs
  - Blocked:
  - Next:
    - Write up DHT research summary
    - Collaborate with @bigs on message orientation proposal
        
- @mgoelzer:
  - Next:
    - PL stuff (investor meeting)
    - Finalize some grants
    - OKRs

## Notes

John and I talked for a bit, but mostly not related to libp2p, so I didn't save the recording.
