# 2019-03-25 libp2p Sync Call

[Issue for this call](https://github.com/libp2p/team-mgmt/issues/16)

**Moderator**: @bigs

**Notetaker**: @bigs

**Recording**: http://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmaZcJKY32NEJrsFxtTkn44HgMChNCfjuZEyDCPizWc3ip

**Attendees**:
  - @vasco-santos
  - @stebalien
  - @jhiesey
  - @aschmahmann
  - @jimpick
  - @jacobheun
  - @bigs

## Agenda

- Please fill out your [libp2p retro Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K8jH0Ew0P5NNEy9jJGxUAtWmDMMHsSwcfil4MF6pwCQ/edit#heading=h.1xrdg4st69mx)!
- Biweekly updates 
- We're (finally) switching to a true weekly format! Stay tuned for an invite to the calendar event.

## Biweekly updates

- @me:
  - Done:
  - Blocked:
  - Next:

- @vasco-santos
  - Done:
    - libp2p visualization tool
      - PRD
      - libp2p data model spreadsheet
      - design workshop
    - libp2p-interop
      - Use multiaddr instead of socket path with new releases of the daemon/client
        - [libp2p/interop#12](https://github.com/libp2p/interop/pull/12)
    - Continue review migration to async PRs from @dirkmc:
     - [libp2p/js-libp2p-kad-dht#82](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-kad-dht/pull/82)
    - New review to gossipsub implementation
      - [ChainSafeSystems/gossipsub-js#15](https://github.com/ChainSafeSystems/gossipsub-js/pull/15)
  - Blocked: 
    - `dht` interop tests
      - [libp2p/interop#7](https://github.com/libp2p/interop/pull/7)
  - Next: 
    - libp2p interop tests
      - get pubsub daemon PRs merged and released
        - [libp2p/js-libp2p-daemon-client#6](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-daemon-client/pull/6)
        - [libp2p/interop#8](https://github.com/libp2p/interop/pull/8)
      - get dht interop PR merged
      - streams interop tests
    - js-libp2p swarm instrumentation for visualization tool
    - Q1 retro + Q2 planning
    - Async iterators PRs review

- @mvid
  - Done:
    - [pubsub interop tests](https://github.com/libp2p/interop/pull/8)
  - Blocked:
    - Merging pubsub interop tests, upstream interop issues
  - Next:
    - Streaming interop testsests
    - JSON Daemon config

- @jacobheun
  - Done:  
    - js Switch was not running identify when dialing, only when listening. This has been fixed [libp2p-switch#313](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-switch/pull/313)
    - js Switch dial queue was released [libp2p-switch#310](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-switch/pull/310)
    - js Identify will now provide and retrieve supported protocols for PeerInfo instances [libp2p-switch#311](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-switch/pull/311). Accessed via `peerInfo.protocols`
      - [libp2p-identify#51](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-identify/pull/51)
    - Did Q1 retrospective
  - Blocked:
  - Next:
    - Finish get_protocol libp2p interop testing
      - [libp2p-daemon#14](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-daemon/pull/14)
    - Finish spec for libp2p-daemon Peerstore/PeerBook access [go-libp2p-daemon#88](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-daemon/pull/88)
    - Q2 planning
    - js-libp2p 0.35 release

- @bigs
  - Done:
    - Metrics collection (via prometheus) support in testlab! [Please review](https://github.com/libp2p/testlab/pull/4).
  - Blocked:
    - Need to come to consensus re: metrics libraries. It should be cross -platform and ideally would support traces. Right now, I'm leaning towards OpenCensus which supports many backends, including prometheus.
  - Next:
    - Releasing first usable (likely in single node env for now) version of the testlab!

- @vyzo
  - Done:
    - relay stress testing
    
- @aschmahmann
  - Core internals for configurable gossip are done
    - still need to create Option wrappers for topic subscriptions
  - Working on how I could nicely integrate DAG sync support into pubsub with minimal intrusions
     - progress on interface work, should have some demo tests working soon (by next week hopefully)
  - Will need some volunteers to help review my PRs on gossipsub
    - I expect to be publish a WIP PR within 1-2 weeks (depending on how much time I spend with metrics)
    - Tag @bigs and @vyzo on the PR

- @yusefnapora:
  - Done:
	  - NAT & relay concept doc
		  - https://github.com/libp2p/docs/pull/24
	  - Styles, typos, etc for docs site
    - looked into ipgo tool for gomod + ipfs
  - Blocked:
  - Next:
	  - Peer id concept doc
		  - https://github.com/libp2p/docs/pull/30
	  - Get Peer ID spec merged
	  - More spec stuff
    - Write Stream Muxing / Protocol muxing concept doc
	  - Write Getting started in golang doc
    
- @jhiesey:
  - Done:
    - First draft of new DHT proposal: https://gist.github.com/jhiesey/f9a3d9961ccdfca940e54ec279b47cf9
  - Blocked:
    - Need feedback from @jbenet and @stebalien on message-oriented interfaces for DHT's use
  - Next
    - Add metrics instrumentation for testbed to existing DHT; work with @bigs
    
## Notes

